docs(weave): Add troubleshooting guide item on OSError24 (#3844)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/troubleshooting.md

```python
client = weave.init("fast-upload", settings={"client_parallelism": 100})
```

> ## OSError: [Errono 24] Too many open files

Reviewer: @andrewtruong is `[Errono 24]: Too many open files` a type of OS error? If so, I'd suggest breaking it up like so so we can add more error classes. If it's not tho, just disregard.

Also, is `[Errono 24]: Too many open files` something that gets printed in the cmd line? If so, then would suggest formatting with backticks

```suggestion
## OS errors

### `[Errono 24]: Too many open files`
```

> This error occurs when the number of open files exceeds the limit set by your operating system. In Weave, this may happen because you're working with large image datasets and/or your system has a low limit on the number of open files. Weave uses `PIL` for image processing, which keeps the file descriptors open for the duration of the program.
> 
> To resolve this issue, you can increase the limit using the following command:

Reviewer: This part `and/or your system has a low limit on the number of open files` seems redundant since the para opens with `This error occurs when the number of open files exceeds the limit set by your operating system.`

```suggestion
This error occurs when the number of open files exceeds the limit set by your operating system. In Weave, this may happen because you're working with large image datasets. Weave uses `PIL` for image processing, which keeps file descriptors open for the duration of the program.

To resolve this issue, increase the system limit for open files to `65,536` using `ulimit`:
```
